|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
                                CHARACTER OPTIONS
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- SKILLS    |    CHARACTER PREFERENCES
! Strength  |    ! Name
! Agility   |    ! Gender
! Mana      |    ! Species [Elf, Ogre, Demon, Cyborg, Human, Vampire, Dwarf, Centaur, Fairy, Goliath, Hobgoblin, Goblin, Orc, Satyr]
! Intellect |    ! Background [Barbarian, Bard, Cleric, Druid, Fighter, Monk, Paladin, Ranger, Rogue, Sorcerer, Warlock, Wizard, Assassin]
! Luck      |    ! Special Attributes [TBD]
! Health    |
! Accuracy  |


I want to change these personally, but do what you think is right :3

I like the idea of there being a stat, and then a opposite stat for that stat.
so for example, attack/strength/brute would have the opposite stat of defence/hardness/whatever

magic damage/wisdom/blessed would have the opposite stat of resistance/holiness/you get the idea

speed which affects hit rate and your turn order would have the opposite of dodge/avoidance/dexterity

The idea is that everything has its opposite, so if you have someone who is particularly good in strength, anyone who has
good defense will be their direct counter.

Species, background, and class will change the amount that stats increase when increasing a level.
so for example, a species that is hardy, and is a royal knight class would have a really high defense modifier. each time they
level up, they have a much larger chance of their defense stat increasing by a larger amount. so by the time they reach maximum
level, they will have a much higher defense level than someone who is incredibly fragile.

The whole premise for the turn-based side will be entirely on percent chances. so someone with an incredibly good hit stat
will have a much higher chance of actually hitting the opponent. someone with a normal hit rate will find it more and more difficult
to land a hit on someone with a high avoid rate.

This is just the vision though, heavily inspired by fire emblem game logic but any changes are welcome and will make the
game more unique

then similarly to pokemon, you will have the option to use different weapons, abilities and skills that will affect the turn stats
so for example a light sword would be incredibly more easier to hit a target in comparison to a really heavy sword, but using a skill
that makes it easier for heavy weapons to hit would temporarily switch those effects etc just an idea.

in addition, im not sure how much you know about levels and experience but each character will have a number of experience points.
the level a character is at will be determined by a mathematical operation. there will be a maximum level and a minimum level.
when you defeat an enemy, you get experience in relation to its difficulty level in comparison to you. each time you level up,
stats have a certain percent chance to increase and by a specific amount. logic for this will be figured out later but you can imagine
it as this:

attack power is at 36 at level 7.
their attack has a 75% chance to upgrade, so itll try and it succeeds.
their attack increases by 1
their attack increase succeeds again so increases by another 1
their attack increase succeeds again so increases by another 1
their attack increase fails this time so when leveling up to level 8, their attack power is 36 + 3 = 39
Then to limit the absolute insane chance someone gets +50 to their attack, stat increases will be capped by a specific amount
like +5 for example

thems the haps, ask questions because i have this whole idea planned in my head but its hard to communicate this into words
and even harder to communicate those words into actual code