I want a turn based RPG engine.

like a simplified version of RPG maker on steam

We need to do 90% of the work now, and hand out the engine as the final product so people can take, and build their own
game up from this. There will be a large amount of developer tools that people can use to change internal variables like
maximum level, stat spread, stats, character names, character sprites etc.

The plan is to also have a product that can be entirely back-end, but also have an optional built in front end using
TKInter

We need it to have a writable story, so anyone can write custom text, triggers, optional branches etc

They can then export their save into an executable file that then can be passed around as a individual product.

I CANNOT emphasise the need for this to be adaptable, the user should be able to have ANY combination of stories, triggers,
events, stats, etc and the executable file should always be deployed as a working product. The only error should be human error
by the unique developer.

There should be a huge testcase file that should test EACH individual function and test if it works. The functions that should
be tested are the ones that have unique arguments, which means any function that takes a variable argument should be tested for every case
such as extreme cases, random cases, etc. This testcase file should be only for us and not in the final product but should always
return a pass before anything is produced.

currently i want it to simply be a turn based engine, however, when an alpha version is made, im open to the idea of other game
types being added. The point of coding modular is so that you can easily take modules out and replace them with custom plug-ins
which would turn the game from a turn based rpg to a candy crush adventure game type game by simply replacing the battle module.

Just think smartly. The more things you can think to add, the better, because we want to give the users the MOST amount of freedom
when it comes to making the story how they want it to be. Nothing frustrates me more than wanting to put your creativity down on paper
and being restricted by the applications capabilities.

The exporting module will be incredibly interesting to do, there will be a bunch of rules it will have to follow, redundant data
that needs to be removed, crash orders that will need to be avoided and such. itll be the hardest part i reckon but itll be super
fun to code.

an incredibly ambitious project, if we can get this done then fair play to the both of us but it should be a fun project nonetheless.

an exported project will have its own save files, install itself into whatever directory the installer chooses, and maybe if it
goes crazy, achievements could be added but im thinking WAY into the future.
